{
  "title": "Radiocarbon and Diet Conference\n",
  "description": ["As in previous meetings the major focus of this workshop will be on aspects of past dietary\nadaptations of prehistoric human groups and the application of radiocarbon, coupled with\nstable isotopes that gives insight into past diet. There is growing awareness of the link between\nradiocarbon variation and dietary choice and the influence on the construction of reliable\nchronologies. We welcome presentations which apply diet-related stable isotopes to the\narchaeological past, including carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, hydrogen and sulphur, and link this\nwith radiocarbon dating to understand more fully the chronology of sites and regions. We are\nplanning an interesting and diverse meeting, with a range of sessions planned, covering\nmarine, terrestrial and aquatic lifeways from different geographical locations and periods. We\nalso invite comment and suggestions on these preliminary session titles (see below)."],
  "links": {
    "Website": "https://www.arch.ox.ac.uk/radiocarbon-and-diet-2020"
  },
  "StartDate": "2021-09-14",
  "EndDate": "2021-09-17",
  "Location": "Oxford, UK",
  "Country": "UK",
  "Venue": "Oxford University",
  "SessionDeadline": null,
  "TalkDeadline": null
}

<!-- Generated by csv2md.R – do not edit by hand -->

As in previous meetings the major focus of this workshop will be on aspects of past dietary
adaptations of prehistoric human groups and the application of radiocarbon, coupled with
stable isotopes that gives insight into past diet. There is growing awareness of the link between
radiocarbon variation and dietary choice and the influence on the construction of reliable
chronologies. We welcome presentations which apply diet-related stable isotopes to the
archaeological past, including carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, hydrogen and sulphur, and link this
with radiocarbon dating to understand more fully the chronology of sites and regions. We are
planning an interesting and diverse meeting, with a range of sessions planned, covering
marine, terrestrial and aquatic lifeways from different geographical locations and periods. We
also invite comment and suggestions on these preliminary session titles (see below).